The President:
This week, we received a report
on jobs and unemployment that
told us we're continuing to
move in the right direction.
But we need to get there faster.
In the short-term, the
bipartisan tax cut we passed in
December will give an added
boost to job creation and
economic growth.
This is a tax cut that is
already making Americans'
paychecks a little bigger and
giving businesses more incentive
to invest and to hire.
But ultimately, our true measure
of progress has to be whether
every American who wants
a job can find one;
whether the jobs available pay
well and offer good benefits;
whether people in this country
can still achieve the American
Dream for themselves
and for their children.
That's the progress we're after.
To get there, we have to
realize that in today's global,
competitive economy, the best
jobs and newest industries will
take root in the countries
with the most skilled workers,
the strongest commitment to
research and technology,
and the fastest way to move
people, goods, and information.
To win the future, America needs
to out-educate, out-innovate,
and out-build the
rest of the world.
On Thursday, I went to
Penn State University,
whose students and researchers
are poised to lead the way on
innovation and job creation.
They're taking up the challenge
we've issued to scientists and
engineers all across the
country: if you assemble teams
of the best minds in your field,
and focus on tackling the
biggest obstacles to
providing America with clean,
affordable energy, we'll
get behind your work.
Your government will
support your research.
The folks in Pennsylvania have
decided to focus on designing
buildings that
save more energy --
everything from more efficient
lighting and windows to heating
and cooling.
This won't just cut down
on energy pollution,
it can save us billions of
dollars on our energy bills.
Most of all, discovering new
ways to make buildings more
energy-efficient will lead to
new jobs and new businesses.
Over the last two years, we've
seen a window manufacturer in
Maryland boost business by 55%.
A lighting company in North
Carolina hired hundreds of workers.
A manufacturer in Pennsylvania
saw business increase by $1 million.
All we did for these companies
was provide some tax credits and
financing opportunities.
And that's what we want
to do going forward,
so that it's profitable for
American businesses to sell the
discoveries made by scientists at Penn
State and other hubs of innovation.
If businesses sell
these discoveries --
if they start making windows and
insulation and buildings that
save more energy --
they'll hire more workers.
And that's how
Americans will prosper.
That's how we will
win the future.
Our government has an obligation
to make sure that America is the
best place on Earth
to do business --
that we have the best schools,
the best incentives to innovate,
and the best infrastructure.
Next week, I'll see that kind
of infrastructure when I visit
Marquette, Michigan -- a place
where high-speed broadband is
connecting a small town
to the larger world.
Supporting businesses with
this kind of 21st century
infrastructure and cutting-edge
innovation is our responsibility.
But businesses have a
responsibility, too.
If we make America the
best place to do business,
businesses should make
their mark here in America.
They should set up shop
here, and hire our workers,
and pay decent wages, and invest
in the future of this nation.
That's their obligation.
And that's the message I'll be
bringing to American business
leaders at the Chamber
of Commerce on Monday --
that government and businesses
have mutual responsibilities;
and that if we fulfill
these obligations together,
it benefits us all.
Our workers will succeed.
Our nation will prosper.
And America will win the future
in this century just like we did
in the last.
Thanks.